well howdy there in another peopleit's
bo-gyung so today we're gonna talk about
how we've seen enough been hearing that
a lot turned out a lot over the last 24
hours we've seen enough
and the more footage that comes out from
the various corners of the United States
the more we hear that phrase we've seen
enough and that phrase is normally
followed by what I would call
forward-thinking ideas they are
forward-thinking ideas they range from
just drastic reforms of law enforcement
to things bordering on abolition where
we're replacing large chunks of the
duties of law enforcement with social
workers I've seen calls for total
abolition of law enforcement I'm not
going to stand here and make the case
for any of those ideas it's kind of
outside of my wheelhouse
there there are people that are better
suited for making those cases however
when those forward-thinking ideas are
brought up there are two questions that
keep popping up I can answer those the
first is well if we enact these reforms
what do we do if all of our cops quit if
you enact reforms to stop your officers
from engaging in excessive force and
they quit you throw a party that's what
you do you throw a party you celebrate
dance in the streets nobody's going to
stop you if they're gonna quit because
new policies are coming along that are
going to stop them from from engaging in
excessive force and hurting people
they shouldn't be cops you should be
happy they're quitting that's not an
argument that's not a real question that
doesn't even make sense
Oh what would we do if we didn't let
them do this
the next is well what if the referral
reforms go too far and they become
ineffective ineffective as compared to
what exactly the the pinnacle of
effectiveness that we've seen this week
what are you worried about happening
unaccountable men running through the
streets hurting people we see it they're
wearing badges most of them cities
burning what are you worried about
specifically happening if they become
ineffective we've seen a montage of
ineffectiveness all over the news we are
past the point of retraining in most
departments specifically most large
departments we are past the point of
retraining there there needs to be
drastic change now I don't know which
idea is best I can't tell you that
that's probably something that's going
to have to be decided on a community by
community basis what I can tell you is
the amount of force that has been used
this week is unacceptable it is
inexcusable I believe that in a whole
lot of cases it's criminal we're we're
well beyond simple unprofessionalism
here some of the stuff that is captured
on video is is just wrong on every level
and the departments and responses are
typically oh well we suspended those
officers
I don't know where I'm from assault and
battery typically put somebody in jail I
I don't know about the rest of the
country but I'm fairly certain that if
that happened here our sheriff would
throw the guy in jail I don't think that
suspension would be enough especially
when there's a video we need drastic
change and I will defer to the experts
on what that change needs to be but what
I do know about is force and this is all
wrong every bit of it and if you're cops
if you're officers if you're deputies
want to quit because they can't use
excessive force good it's exactly what
should happen because we have seen
enough anyway it's just a fall y'all
have a good day